Now, as I mentioned in the last video
there is actually a problem with the
method as written this is the add to
playlist method as you can see on the
screen there, now the problem is the if
statement this statement here on line 40
that's incorrect
and that's because in the index always
starts from zero, so consequently when
we're running the program if we enter
track number one, the index value will be
zero and that's because one take one is
zero so what will happen there in that
particular test is that track one will
not be recognized, in other words the
album will come up and say the this
album does not have a track one and
that's obviously incorrect.
So what we need to do is make a simple
little change and basically make the
greater-than here to be greater than
equal to. Once we do that it'll correct
correctly identify track number one as
it should have done in the first place,
so that's that small little bug fix.
So let's move on now to the next video.